---
title: "英语学习笔记"
date: "2021-1-20"
subtitle: "英语学习笔记"
author: "Lonnie iTheds"
tags:
  - English
categories:
  - 其他或训练
draft: false
section: "archives"
sourcePath: "markdown/archives/英语学习笔记.md"
slug: "archives/英语学习笔记"
---

# 英语学习笔记

May I can't read,but I can listen.and write.

学习计划要谨而慎之，不能太凌乱。

## Data

Access provided by Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences.

### Essential workers who pay maore taxes than Trump are tweeting their anger

Did you ever imagine you'd be paying more in federal income taxes than President Donald Trump?

You might think that the majority of hardworking middle and lower class Americans would pay far less in taxes than somone like Trump,who appears tobe a successful billionaire.But a recent New York Times report finds that istn't the case at all.

On Sunday night,the new York Times shared information on more than two decades of Trump's income taxes. The article revealed that Trump paid just $75000 during his first year in the White House.And it alse reveals that Trump paid no income taxes in 10 of the previous 15 years.(The reasoning behind that is "largely because he reported losing much more money than he made.")

Many people were very unhappy to learen of Trump's extremely low -- and in some years, fully nonexistent -- income tax payments.Techers,healthcare professionals, and other hardworking , deeply discouraged Americans aired their frustrations about how their tax bills compared to Trump's on social media.

### The 15 best *dramas* on Disney+ to stir your feels

15个最能产生共鸣的迪士尼话剧| dramse 话剧 | stir|move a spoon or other implement around in order to mix it thoroughly

Looking for a movie that really moves you?Try one of the drams on Disney+.The streaming service offers a range of family-friendly films that can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages and interests. Whether you're looking for a *compelling period piece*, an enchanting musical, or a riveting sports story, Disney+ has something to satisfy your itch for a dramatic tale.

so get your emotions ready because here are the best dramas on Disney+ right now.

1. Christopher Robin

This fanciful dramedy brings mature sensibilites to the *Winnie the Pooth* franchise.In it , a grow-up Christopher Robin(Ewan McGregor),now living in London,is brought back to his roots after he receives a surprise visit from his childhood friend, Winnie the Pooh.
fanciful| 幻想的| mature|成熟|sensibilites|感性|franchise|专营权|

### What Is ODBC?

01/19/2017

Many misconceptions about ODBC exist in the computing world. To the end user, it is an icon in the Microsoft® Windows® Control Panel. To the application programmer, it is a library containing data access routines. To many others, it is the answer to all database access problems ever imagined.

First and foremost, ODBC is a specification for a database API. This API is independent of any one DBMS or operating system; although this manual uses C, the ODBC API is language-independent. The ODBC API is based on the CLI specifications from Open Group and ISO/IEC. ODBC 3.x fully implements both of these specifications - earlier versions of ODBC were based on preliminary versions of these specifications but did not fully implement them - and adds features commonly needed by developers of screen-based database applications, such as scrollable cursors.

The functions in the ODBC API are implemented by developers of DBMS-specific drivers. Applications call the functions in these drivers to access data in a DBMS-independent manner. A Driver Manager manages communication between applications and drivers.

Although Microsoft provides a driver manager for computers running Microsoft Windows® 95 and later, has written several ODBC drivers, and calls ODBC functions from some of its applications, anyone can write ODBC applications and drivers. In fact, the vast majority of ODBC applications and drivers available today are written by companies other than Microsoft. Furthermore, ODBC drivers and applications exist on the Macintosh® and a variety of UNIX platforms.

To help application and driver developers, Microsoft offers an ODBC Software Development Kit (SDK) for computers running Windows 95 and later that provides the driver manager, installer DLL, test tools, and sample applications. Microsoft has teamed with Visigenic Software to port these SDKs to the Macintosh and a variety of UNIX platforms.

It is important to understand that ODBC is designed to expose database capabilities, not supplement them. Thus, application writers should not expect that using ODBC will suddenly transform a simple database into a fully featured relational database engine. Nor are driver writers expected to implement functionality not found in the underlying database. An exception to this is that developers who write drivers that directly access file data (such as data in an Xbase file) are required to write a database engine that supports at least minimal SQL functionality. Another exception is that the ODBC component of the Windows SDK, formerly included in the Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) SDK, provides a cursor library that simulates scrollable cursors for drivers that implement a certain level of functionality.

Applications that use ODBC are responsible for any cross-database functionality. For example, ODBC is not a heterogeneous join engine, nor is it a distributed transaction processor. However, because it is DBMS-independent, it can be used to build such cross-database tools.

## 单词

学习英语单词的最好办法已经不再是强记了，而是整合记忆。

expectiong
|Word|中文释义|
|:-|:-|
lancet |柳叶刀
emulator |仿真器
burden steps |负担步骤
pathspec |路径规则
issue |问题
repository | 库，栈，知识库
configuration |
epel |
matches | 火柴[??]
filtered out by |被过滤
provides | 提供
|||
requires | 请求，要求request 
Display all 197 possibilities? |显示可能性x
Arch | 拱
Alternatives | 二选一，同级选项，备选方案
available |可行
release |释放
compatibility | 兼容
Legacy |遗产，旧版
crosscompiling | 交叉编译
current | 当前
occurred | 发生了
fatal | 致命的
deactivated | 已停用
multiIndex | 多索引
|||
Sep |九月
Nov |十一月
|||
Portable | 可移植的
Podcast |
example
interrupted
remind
invalid | 无效的
hump | 驼峰
fanciful 
color temperature
native
fetch
manual
furthermore
redisttributable

foundation
implement
subtraction
scalability
cluster
adapter

## Recoding

prevent inclusion of winsock.h in windows.h
start another instance
parallel
conceptual

In comparing file-based and DBMS-based drivers, file-based drivers are harder to write because of the database engine component, less complicated to configure because there are no network pieces, and less powerful because few people have the time to write database engines as powerful as those produced by database companies.
